# PassGEN

## What is it?

PassGEN is a simple python script that generates a random password. 
The user can specify the length of password to generate.
In this version, the password is generated with secrets module to ensure a high level of security and use pseudo-random passwords.
The password is a combination of uppercase, lowercase, symbols, and numbers. Furthermore, the user have the access to a storage where it 
can store the password generated (even not generated by the script). The storage use cryptography module to encrypt the username and password of services
to ensure a high level of security. Username and password to login are hashed with sha256 algorithm, and username and password for each service are encrypted using AES-128. The storage supports multiple unique users.

## Requirements

The script needs some requirements to work properly. The following requirements are inserted in the requirements.txt file.
To install them, run the following command:
```python -m pip install -r requirements.txt```

## Options

The options that the user can specify are:
- -h / --help : show the help message.
- -c / --combinations INT : return the number of possible combinations of passwords that the script can generate with the specified length.
- -l / --length INT : the length of the password that the script will generate.
- -s / --show : show the characters that the password can contain.
- --storage : get access to the storage.
- --add : add a new password to the storage. This option can be only used with the -l / --length option.

  <b>ATTENTION</b>: to store the password, the user must register their username and password before adding a password.
- --author : show the author of the script.
- --version : show the version of the script.

In this version, it is not possible to use options together.
The user can use only one option at a time except for the --add option that must be used with the -l / --length option.

## How to use it?

To use the script, run the following command:
```python -m passgen [OPTIONS]```

Example:
```python -m passgen --length 15 --add```

## Supported systems

- Windows
- Linux
- MacOS


